NEW YORK MAGAZINE HAS
CREATED A COVER STORY ABOUT
BILL COSBY AND HIS ACCUSERS.
OF COURSE, IT’S A COVER STORY AND
THE COVER OF THE
STORY, AND IT IS A VERY
INTERESTING WAY OF VISUALIZING
THE WHOLE CONTROVERSY
INVOLVING BILL COSBY.
IT FEATURES THIRTY-FIVE WOMEN
WHO HAVE ACCUSED HIM OF
EITHER SEXUAL ASSAULT OR RAPE,
AND ALSO THERE ARE SOME
EMPTY CHAIRS THAT YOU CAN SEE ON
THE VERY BOTTOM OF THE COVER.
LET'S PUT THAT UP AGAIN.
THEY ARE NOT VERY CLEAR ABOUT
WHAT THE EMPTY CHAIR
NECESSARILY SYMBOLIZES, HOWEVER,
PEOPLE WHO HAVE SEEN THE
COVER ARE USING THE HASHTAG
#THEEMPTYCHAIR
TO ENCOURAGE ANY
OTHER VICTIMS THAT HAVEN'T COME
FORWARD YET TO COME FORWARD.
THAT'S THIRTY-FIVE OUT OF THE
FORTY-SIX WOMEN WHO HAVE
COME FORWARD ALREADY ON BILL
COSBY WHO, OF COURSE, YOU
KNOW NOW, ADMITTED DURING COURT
PROCEEDINGS THAT HE DID USE
QUAALUDES TO TRY TO
SLEEP WITH WOMEN.
HE SEEMED TO THINK THAT IT
WAS PERFECTLY NORMAL.
HE SAID IT WAS LIKE HOW HE
NORMALLY SEDUCED WOMEN, BY
MAKING THEM COMPLETELY POWERLESS
TO FIGHT BACK WHEN I GET ON
TOP OF THEM.
IT IS UNBELIEVABLE, BUT I THINK
THAT HE, EVERYONE HAS GOT
TO LIVE WITH THEMSELVES, SO HE
PROBABLY DID BELIEVE IT –
I THINK HE TRIED TO
RATIONALIZE IT TO MAKE THEM
FEEL BETTER ABOUT HIMSELF.
I THINK HE COMES FROM A
DIFFERENT TIME.
I READ THE COVER STORY WHICH WAS
INSANELY LONG, BUT IT TALKS
ABOUT HOW MUCH SOCIETY HAS
CHANGED IN THE PERCEPTION
OF RAPE.
RAPE USED TO BE THOUGHT OF
SOMETHING THAT HAPPENS AS
YOU ARE WALKING DOWN THE STREET
AND A STRANGER JUMPS OUT
AND FORCES YOU TO
HAVE SEX WITH THEM.
IN REALITY, RAPE ISN'T
REALLY LIKE THAT.
IN THEIR COSBY'S PERCEPTION, AND
THIS IS BASED ON THE DEPOSITION,
HE GOT THE USING QUAALUDES WITH
NO DIFFERENT THAN USING ALCOHOL
IN ORDER TO SEDUCE SOMEONE IF
YOU HAVE SEX WITH YOU.
WHICH IS SO CRAZY, OF COURSE
HE'S WRONG ABOUT THAT.
ALCOHOL MAY GET PEOPLE INTO
THE MOOD, AND A NATIVE OR
WILLING TO CONSENT.
QUAALUDES, YOU HAVE NO ABILITY
TO CONSENT AND YOU CANNOT MOVE.
AND AS RIGHT ABOUT THE CONTEXT.
IT IS NOT TO EXCUSE BILL COSBY
AT ALL, AND HE DID THIS FOR
DECADES UPON DECADES, IT IS TO
GIVE YOU A SENSE OF HOW FAR
WE HAVE COME.
THE SENSE IS POSITIVE THAT WE
RECOGNIZE THE ERRORS OF THE
WAYS OF OUR PAST, AND WE ARE IN
A MUCH BETTER SITUATION
WHERE WE SAY, HELLO, OF COURSE
HAVING AN ACQUAINTANCE COME
UP TO YOUR ROOM, FOR EXAMPLE,
DOESN'T MEAN YOU ARE
ALLOWED TO RIP THEIR CLOTHES OFF
AND MAKE THEM IMMOBILE, AND
FORCE YOURSELF UPON THEM, RIGHT?
IF YOU GO AS FAR BACK TO THE
BIBLE AND SAY THAT IF A
WOMAN IS NOT YELLING LOUDLY
ENOUGH DURING SEX, WHEN SHE
IS BEING RAPED, OUTSIDE OF TOWN,
THAT SHE'S GUILTY.
SHE'S GUILTY.
RIGHT?
SO, THIS IDEA THAT A WOMAN, IF
SHE IS WITH A MAN, ALONE,
THAT SHE CONSENTED ALREADY,
WHICH IS CRAZY, BUT THEY
USED TO SAY THAT.
IN BILL COSBY'S PERCEPTION, A
WOMAN COMING TO HIS HOTEL
ROOM WAS CONSENT.
IT IS UNBELIEVABLE THAT HE WAS
ABLE TO SAY THESE THINGS IN
A DEPOSITION AND HE FACED NO
PROSECUTION WHATSOEVER.
IT IS CORRECT THAT HE HAS
NEVER FACED ANY TYPE OF
PROSECUTION, HE HAS NEVER
BEEN CONVICTED OF RAPE.
BUT THE FACT THAT HE ADMITTED TO
OBTAINING THESE DRUGS WITH
THE INTENTION OF DRUGGING YOUNG
WOMEN AND HAVING SEX WITH
THEM, PROVES THAT HE HAS
DONE SOMETHING WRONG.
I THINK OF THE COVER STORY,
AND THE COVER ITSELF, IS
INCREDIBLY POWERFUL.
SO, FIRST OFF, YOU LOOK AT ALL
THOSE WOMEN, AND THOSE ARE
THE WHOOPI GOLDBERG’S
OF THE WORLD.
YOU THINK THAT, THROUGHOUT ALL
THOSE DIFFERENT DECADES,
THAT THEY ALL HAD AN INCREDIBLY
SIMILAR STORY, ONE THAT
COSBY ADMITS IN A DEPOSITION IS
WHAT HE USED TO DO IN TERMS
OF THE QUAALUDES, AND MAKING
SURE
THAT THEY COULD NOT MOVE
AND RESIST THEM –
ALL OF THOSE WOMEN ARE
MAKING IT UP?
COME ON.
THE EMPTY CHAIR, IT'S BRILLIANT.
SOME PEOPLE TOOK IT AS
REPRESENTING ALL THE OTHER WOMEN
WHO MIGHT HAVE COME FORWARD, OR
COULD COME FORWARD LATER.
I TOOK IT AS, YOU'LL BE THE NEXT
PERSON IF YOU DON'T PUT A
STOP TO IT.
IT IS JUST A SMART WAY TO
GET A MESSAGE ACROSS.
I LOVE WHAT THEY DID.
I THINK IT IS ONE THING TO TALK
ABOUT THE FORTY-SIX WOMEN
WHO HAVE COME FORWARD, IT IS
ANOTHER THING TO VISUALIZE.
VISUALIZING IT HOPEFULLY
CHANGES SOME PEOPLE'S MINDS,
BECAUSE PEOPLE FEEL THE NEED TO
DEFEND HIM BECAUSE OF THE
IMAGE THAT HE HAD FOR SUCH A
LONG TIME, BUT HONESTLY,
FOR ME, THE SECOND THAT I READ
THAT HE ADMITTED TO BUYING
THOSE DRUGS WITH THE INTENTION
OF DRUGGING YOUNG WOMEN AND
HAVING SEX WITH THEM, THAT'S IT,
HE'S GUILTY IN MY EYES.
VERY POWERFUL COVER, NICE
JOB.